So we're still improving the appearance of our invoice system.
Remember that our right panel is still empty.
We have to add three more elements.
The calculator will be on the top sector.
The check will be on the middle and the buttons will be on the bottom sector.
So let's do this from the bottom to the top.
We're going to add the buttons and the space for the ticket.
So let's close this and go down here where we left off.
We're going to clarify that will begin to create the buttons.
So since we're going to do that, using a loop will add the names of the buttons to a list.
Our buttons list will have four buttons.
The first one is total.
The second one is invoice.
The third one is save, and the fourth one is reset.
We're going to program their function soon, so let's start a loop that will place them on different
columns.
The row location is not necessary as the buttons will be at the same level that is row zero.
Let's create a counter named column which will be equal to zero so that it increases a value as we move
forward.
Let's create a loop for each button in buttons, which is our list.
The software will add the button class with capital B to each button.
The button class is a t k enter element that we will get to know now.
Button is an element that contains parameters, of course.
Where will our buttons be?
You're right.
They'll be in button panel.
What text will each of them contain?
We're going to create a different text for each one, which will be equal to button title.
That is whatever text they have as title.
In addition, we're going to add font, which is doses size 14 and bold.
Foreground will be white.
Background will be as or for its edge will be one and its width will be nine.
So we've created our buttons inside the same loop.
Now we have to place those buttons and we'll do that inside our loop.
Make sure to indent everything correctly.
And now let's call button grid, which will let us place the button inside the grid and we'll make it
place the buttons in row zero, but in different columns.
So the value of column will be equal to column the variable we created up here, which will initialize
at zero.
However, once we get out of here, but staying within the loop, that column will change to plus equals
one so that it increases a value and place the buttons in different sectors.
So let's test this.
Here we can see that our buttons are placed like this for now.
This will change once we add the missing elements.
The button panel is in the middle since the other panels don't contain anything.
That's why we see them like this.
These white lines are the two panels piled up.
So we have created the total, the invoice save and reset buttons which are in the right place but lack
function.
They will perform functions soon.
Now we're going to add the check panel.
So let's create the space for invoice area, which will have a variable named invoice text.
This will be a text variable.
It will be on the invoice panel and we'll have dosis as a font.
Its size will be 12 and bold.
Its edge will be one.
Width will be 42 and height will be ten.
That should work.
So where are we going to place our invoice text?
We'll place it in invoice panel, of course.
But in which part?
Invoice.
Text, dot grid.
And it will be placed in row zero and column zero because there aren't other elements inside this panel.
So if we execute it, we'll see a blank space that corresponds to the check and then we have our buttons.
This is all for now.
There's one element missing, and once we add it, we'll be able to see the functions performed by this.
In the next lesson, we're going to create a calculator for the right panel.